docs: yoga v1 migration improvements (#1120)
dotansimha/graphql-yoga: website/docs/migration/migration-from-yoga-v1.mdx

You can learn more about the context within the [`context documentation`](/docs/features/context).

**Yoga v1**

```ts
import { GraphQLServer } from 'graphql-yoga'
import { typeDefs, resolvers } from './schema'
import { db } from './db'

const server = new GraphQLServer({
  typeDefs,
  resolvers,
  context: (initialContext) => {
    const authHeader = initialContext.request.headers['authorization'] ?? null
    return { ...initialContext, db, authHeader }
  },
})
server.start()
```

**Yoga v2**

```ts
import { createServer } from '@graphql-yoga/node'
import { typeDefs, resolvers } from './schema'
import { db } from './db'

const server = new GraphQLServer({
  schema: {
    typeDefs,
    resolvers,
  },
  context: (initialContext) => {
    const authHeader =
      initialContext.request.headers.get('authorization') ?? null

    return { db, authHeader }
  },
})
server.start()
```

## Middlewares

GraphQL Yoga v1 included [`graphql-middleware`](https://github.com/maticzav/graphql-middleware) for wrapping resolver functions with common logic.

> GraphQL Yoga v2 does no longer include `graphql-middleware` by default as using it can result in bad performance as it wraps all field resolvers within the schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL Yoga v2 no longer includes `graphql-middleware` by default as using it can result in bad performance as it wraps all field resolvers within the schema.
```
